Final reflection

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
The project is (almost) over! I’ve learned so much technical stuff from this project; about Javascript, 
React Native, Expo etc. But also so much about project management, SCRUM, agile tools, app development etc. 
Most of it is still on beginner to intermediate level but compared to other IT courses this one definitely 
gives the most practical knowledge. 

My goal is to use as much of these tools as possible in future projects. To be more practical I should 
probably focus on project management, SCRUM and agile tools since future projects most likely will consist of 
that rather than technologies.

To get there I would need to continue to apply the knowledge in future projects, even if there’s no apparent 
need to implement SCRUM for example, since practice makes perfect and there’s not that many projects I will 
manage in the near time. I am, though, confident that I will search for more projects with agile development 
since it is a really interesting method.  

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
As we stated in the final reflection we really wished we would have utilized our different strengths more 
and should have learned something new each week that we could have taught each other. We did some of this in 
the beginning but we really could have succeeded much better with this. 

Overall it is a very good way of attacking a team project which is heavy on literature and/or requires a lot 
of additional learning. And since you learn better by teaching others it is probably a great method for all 
participants. 

To actually implement this “learn and teach” method I believe it is very important to set that structure and 
habit in the very beginning of a project. It is also something that is easily overlooked or down-prioritized 
in a busy project so I believe it is very important to get the group manager to continue with the method 
since he or she set the informal group roles. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
In the very beginning of the project I barely knew what SCRUM was. I was vaguely familiar with the term and 
heard some of agile. During the project I contributed by researching what SCRUM actually consist of and 
participated in the different SCRUM methods we chose to implement (all of the stated in the final reflection).

In the future I believe that SCRUM will be more widely known and acknowledge in group project and since that I 
would like to learn how to implement in other project as well. That I will achieve by joining team projects 
where I could influence the way the team works. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you 
will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts 
and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a 
learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the 
change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

During our sprints I have contributed by researching some in the beginning, attended almost all classes as well 
as exercises. I very early on set the structure of the project which has later been implemented. I also has 
visited the Mooring team twice.

I have contributed by taking part in weekly meetings, team reflections and meetings at Lindholmen. Regarding 
code, I have not participated the most but researched and committed some for the tonnage user story and briefly 
worked on the push notification user story. I also have participated in presenting the app during the 
presentation for PO, teachers etc. 
