WEEK 6

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
Even though it’s less prioritized I still would like to know what is actually needed/what has to be 
done to make a graphic user interface of the live gps (an API from marinetraffic.com maybe?). We probably 
won’t be able to do it but it would be a great addition to the app!

The next user stories we’re will work with is to be able to track whether a ship has been in the port 
before since the Mooring team is interested in “first timers” to give them extra help and instructions. 
So I want to learn more about how to track the location in the app and how it is stored. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
If I learn how we can track the ships’ locations, it would really benefit the entire group and I can teach 
them the technicalities behind it. If we also can learn more about tracking, then we could potentially 
learn more about how to make the gps api. I could learn more about this by studying the code, the 
instructions, by googling it and talk to those who made the code. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
I missed the beginning of the sprint (stubborn cold again) so I missed the start meeting were we planned 
the sprint. My group had some technical issues that they solved so half of the sprint was focused on that. 
But in the end of the sprint we really started to work in a SCRUM way by breaking down the user stories 
to tasks and estimating the time of them and then on the velocity of the sprint. 

We’ve also done the weekly SCRUM team reflection. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning 
objective you will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition 
(technologies, concepts and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to 
achieve for the next week and how to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe 
the current situation by motivating a learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each 
week as long as you can motivate the change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. 
describing the current situation)

In the beginning of the sprint I didn’t contribute that much. My team fixed some seriously technical 
issues and I was still sick. In the end of the sprint though I worked together with Clara on the tonnage 
user story. So we did research the possibility of getting the values from a database which was not the case. 
And then we prepared the app for being able to show the tonnage in the future. 
