WEEK 4

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
At this moment I want to learn more about how to actual extend and program specific functions to the app. 
This is a pretty general goal but to be more detail oriented I want to understand what part of the code 
that actually is capable to extend. I will accomplish this by exploring the given code and trying to add 
specific functions to the app.  

I also want to learn more about the scenario so I can connect that info with the info from the Mooring 
team to make specific user stories. I will accomplish this by reading the scenario and work more with 
the user stories. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
Some members of the team still haven’t been able to start the app. Since I have that I hopefully can 
help the rest of the team with the specific problems that I’ve encountered. 

I have also visited the Mooring team (now twice) so I can hopefully help the team understand which 
functions to be prioritized. And also to make valuable user stories  based on the Mooring teams requests.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
We still haven’t set an actual SCRUM structure in our team since a lot of the work during this past week 
have been focused on individually get the app up and running.  Now, when most of the apps are working 
we can hopefully start a more SCRUM-friendly work environment. I believe we need to further define the 
teams roles and divide tasks better.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning 
objective you will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition 
(technologies, concepts and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to 
achieve for the next week and how to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe 
the current situation by motivating a learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s 
each week as long as you can motivate the change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week 
(e.g. describing the current situation)

This week I have gotten the app starting and have hopefully helped others in my team to also achieve 
that. In other words helping the team with specific bugs from the app. 

I have also contributed by meeting the Mooring team and have gotten further insight in the process. 
To spread more info about this within the group a have produced an overview of the current process. 
The next step is to make user stories from this. 
