WEEK 8

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
We’re in the final sprint! For the last part I want to learn and understand more about the changes we’ve done regarding 
the commenting function so that we can present it in a great way this Wednesday. 

I also would appreciate feedback from the Mooring team so we can better understand what still is needed to be done. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
In this last sprint we will only evaluate and present the entire project. Hopefully I could help the rest of the team 
with that but I doubt I will actually teach them something new. 

We also tried to make push notifications in our application this sprint, something that we quickly (after some hours) 
scratched. I could hopefully teach my team more about that and why it wasn’t a success. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
Toward my team’s application of SCRUM I have been a part of the weekly SCRUM meetings, written team and individual 
reflection. I have also started to evaluate the entire project. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you will 
each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and skills 
learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning 
objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you 
evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

Clara and I tried to fulfill one last user story and investigated in making push notifications. After two hours we 
scratched that entire user story since we regarded it as out of the scope and too time consuming. We also thought 
it to be outside the moorer’s proposed wishes.  

I have also started to evaluate the entire project by writing on the last team reflection/evaluation. 
