WEEK 3

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
As for now I want to learn more about the function of each program downloaded to make the app work to better 
understand which functions are vital for a running app. Programs including React, Android Studios, Expo etc. 
This week I barely touched this subject more than actually downloading the programs. I will accomplish this 
by continuing working in the programs, do some extra tutorials and read literature. 

I am also really excited to meet the Mooring Team to get a better understanding for the tasks the app should 
include. Ultimately this will lead to great user stories we all can start working with. That we will accomplish 
by meeting the Mooring team this Friday with a prepared set of questions that we later on can base epics and 
user stories from. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
Hopefully I can help others with downloading all the programs that I have and even help with the specific 
issues I have spent a lot of time finding answers to by googling, tutorials etc. Even more so helping with 
the specific tutorials, webpages etc. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
This week has been a really bad week for our team regarding SCRUM. I did contribute by completing the 
reflections but as far as I am concerned that is about it in terms of the team’s application of SCRUM. And 
that must change in the next sprint.    

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective 
you will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, 
concepts and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next 
week and how to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by 
motivating a learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can 
motivate the change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

This week we have all worked with setting up the app and get the programs running. I have contributed by 
trying to follow the instructions and have gotten most of the programs running (to my ability). From this we 
can hopefully, together, get all of the programs running by complementing each other’s tasks. 

We have also, in a very small context, started to work with our user stories. The quality of them isn’t that 
great but we can hopefully update them in the beginning of the next sprint. 

