• What do I want to learn or understand better?
So this week I focused on one tool that we are going to work with, git. 
I have never worked with git before. I took a six hours course on lynda.com.
What I would like to understand better is how it works with collaboration 
when using git. I have taken a course now but I would like to practice it. 
   
• How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I have written down all commandos when working in the terminal (git add ., git commit, git log etc.).
Considering to make a guide and that would maybe be helpful for someone else in the team. 
We also talked about doing rules for commits, how you name commits.  
 
• What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
To simplify the process, I did an extension to trello. A collaboration document 
where we can log working hours and a list where you can check the box when 
completing this weeks task. So you know who have done what.
Hopefully this will help team members to work with multiple iterations in sequence.    

• What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? 
This week I have learnt how to work with git, I had no knowledge before.
This tool might be essential for the project and our collaboration.
Last weeks ambition was to focus on the theoretical knowledge and how to
use scrum in a larger scope. This tool will probably be part of our scrum process.
Last week I also mentioned that I wanted to keep track of KPIs and evaluate our process.
Since easter changed the schedule a bit, it hasn’t been much focus on the team effort,
rather individual effort. For the up coming week I would like to continue to work more
with the tools we are going to use, git and the development platform for android apps,
also learn more about user stories and get more familiar with the mooring organisation.
To get there I will continue to take courses on lynda.com when it comes to tools and 
also forming user stories. I will read about mooring as well.   
