Individual reflection Clara W2

What do I want to learn or understand better? 

I want to obtain a deeper understanding of the project to be able to plan and build the structure of the software. 
In order to test the application I also want to learn how to connect our code to Android. 
How to build a good software structure is another thing I would like to learn more about. 


How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 

Lynda offers a lot of applicable courses, and this week I took a course on Git Essentials. 
The course gave me a better understanding of how git works, how to commit, how to merge codes and how to work with it etc. 
The other team members also took the same, or a similar, course but since we will probably remember different things I will 
be able to share some things with them, while the other members will be able to do the same thing for me. 
Git is new for every one of us, so we have to cooperate to grasp it as fast as possible.


What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum?

During this sprint we defined more precise our time planning and decided when the differens sprints will occur. 


What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you 
will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts 
and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a 
learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change 
and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)


During the last sprint we set up a time plan and decided Our weekly goals, deadlines etc. 
We also set the differens roles that we are going to work according to. By learning and studying the tools and subjects 
that we are about to use in the course, such as Git, Trello, the Terminal etc. I also contributed towards the team’s 
deliveries, since these are essential for the following project.







