WEEK 2
What do I want to learn or understand better? 
I want to learn more about our future project so we can start plan and build a software structure. 
I also want to learn more about how to connect our code to Android and get a functioning way to actually 
build the app (not only programming in Git that has been the main focus). That I will accomplish by doing 
Lynda-courses and getting familiar with our application code. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
I did a 6 hour course on Git Essential this week and I believe that I therefore can help others to set up our 
project and hopefully get it all running for all of us with GitHub, text editors etc. It is all very much 
unlike any other thing we have done in earlier courses.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
This week we set up a SCRUM structure and defined how and when our SCRUM-sprints will occur. Apart from that we 
haven’t actually done that much with SCRUM,  we have focused more on Git.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you 
will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts 
and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a 
learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change 
and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

This week we have set up a structure to work after (when we have weekly deadlines etc.). We also discussed how 
we can prepare for actually getting the application code so we can begin to work asap. We also believe that 
the social contract is actually set (even though it’s never impossible that we will need future updates). 

I have also contributed to the teams goal to get all of us understanding the tools we will use in this course 
by getting more familiar with git and how you work with branches as well as commands in the terminal, atom, 
GitHub etc. 

