WEEK 7

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
It’s not that much time left in the project so I want to learn more about the feedback from the Mooring team 
on our proposed changes. That so we can redo the prioritization of our user stories and learn about what we 
should focus our last time on.  

To continue on the last weeks goal: The next user stories we’re will work with is to be able to track whether
a ship has been in the port before since the Mooring team is interested in “first timers” to give them extra
help and instructions. So I want to learn more about how to track the location in the app and how it is stored. 
That with the help of the IMO numbers and how they are tracked. 

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
To continue on last week’s goal: If I learn how we can track the ships’ locations, it would really benefit 
the entire group and I can teach them the technicalities behind it. If we also can learn more about tracking, 
then we could potentially learn more about how to make the gps api. I could learn more about this by studying 
the code, the instructions, by googling it and talk to those who made the code. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
My contribution this week hasn’t been up to standard since other projects been prioritized by me. That will 
change until next sprint! My team has done the weekly SCRUM team reflection. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you 
will each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts 
and skills learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a 
learning objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the 
change and you evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

My contribution this week has not been great. I have done some research but I haven’t actually done any coding. 
