What do I want to learn or understand better? 
As for now I want to learn more about SCRUM and how it can be applicable in this current group project 
since there’s no given structure for SCRUM. More particular on how we can benefit from SCRUM in comparison 
to other/more traditional group management methods. That will happen through continuing going to lectures, 
take time to read relevant literature and learn from other team members experience of SCRUM. I am also very 
excited to learn more about the project (in detail) so we could further extend the planning process and better 
learn how to adapt the project to SCRUM method or vice versa.  

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
Right now (very much in the beginning of the project) I believe the best way for me is to take a part in researching 
what programs (for coding, communications etc.) we need for the project since there is little to no structure on this. 
And later on share my experience and knowledge in different programs with the group by text and oral communication.

Also to build a solid ground (to let other team members work with other tasks) to build on by putting effort in 
administrative tasks as social contract, a structure for our GitHub repository etc.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
As for now there is little to none insight in SCRUM by our group. The goal is to make SCRUM essential and very natural 
in the project. I have contributed by attending “the Lego SCRUM workshop” and can hopefully provide insight from that 
(only 2 of the current 5 members actually attended) by sharing my notes and experience by text and oral communication. 

Since we have also started to work on social contract etc. I believe I have been a part of setting the standard we 
will continue to work after, and hopefully provide a solid ground for further working with SCRUM. I have also started 
a SCRUM board to make further insight in our projects current state with ambition to reach our goal.  

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you will 
each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and skills 
learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how to make the 
change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning objective. 
It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you evaluate the 
outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

As for now we have not a full group of members (5 out of 8) and several members are away. But regardless we have 
set some standards as structures of social contracts with platforms etc. The goal is to have a full administrative 
structure and well informed team by the end of next week. That will happen by us setting time to together setting 
a social contract that all team members can and hopefully want to follow. 

We have also set three (possibly very temporary) KPI:
-	Quantity of code: We will each week count the amount of rows produced to further see that the amount of time will 
be reasonably distributed during the project. Also work as motivation to produce code early on.
-	Quality of code: Since quantity doesn’t equal quality we will try to estimate the actual quality. That by testing 
the code and check amount of bugs in comparison with amount of rows.
-	Team effort: Since the team should provide equal effort we will each week check (in percent) how much each user has 
contributed. This number should work as an indicator to how much more (or possibly less) you should work next week.
