WEEK 5

What do I want to learn or understand better? 
Alice has done a great job with mapping out the functions of the app. I still though want to learn more about the 
code and where to find which function etcetera. So I wouldn’t mind finding out more about and mapping out the code. 

I would also like to learn about what is actually needed/what has to be done to make a graphic user interface of the 
live gps (an API from marinetraffic.com maybe?). Maybe it way beyond our current level of skills but at least then 
we know we won’t be able to do it in the specified time. 

I will copy a learning goal from last week since I haven’t done it yet: “I also want to learn more about the 
scenario so I can connect that info with the info from the Mooring team to make specific user stories. I will 
accomplish this by reading the scenario and work more with the user stories.”

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new? 
Hopefully I could help the team by mapping out the code. Then we can all benefit from it when planning about and 
actually extending the functions of the app. 

If I’m also researching if we could make the gps the entire team could benefit from that as well as if I would be 
mapping the scenario. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s application of scrum? 
This week started of great with a great team meeting were we all got our tasks for the week. We broke the user 
stories down and prioritized them accordingly. In retrospective we didn’t underestimated or overestimated our 
ability since we got them done in time so that great! I can’t really say that’s because of me since I’ve been sick 
most of this sprint.

We’ve also done the weekly SCRUM team reflection. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? That means that for the personal learning objective you will 
each week write down what you have achieved in relation to last week's ambition (technologies, concepts and skills 
learnt as well as how this was achieved), what you would like to achieve for the next week and how 
to make the change happen. The first week of the course you describe the current situation by motivating a learning 
objective. It is perfectly fine to change objective/s each week as long as you can motivate the change and you 
evaluate the outcome of the previous week (e.g. describing the current situation)

This week I haven’t contributed as much as I planned/have wanted since I got a stubborn cold. My team though has 
been great! 

*A bit late upload, apologizing for that!*
